Lets take a look at the range of horizontal motion of a projectile...
as a projectile is shot from a gun at different angles.
We'll first take this gun over here and load it up
with a ball.
My assistant Joe Davidson is going to take these three flags and as I shoot this projectile from different angles
first one at 45 degrees
the second one at 60 degrees
the third one at 30 degrees
He will then place the flags at the different spots that the projectile lands on that table.
So our first shot is at 45 degrees. Lets take a look at that range.
Perfect! Thank you Joe!
Our second shot is going to be at 60.
I'll change the angle on our gun.
Thank you Joe!
And our third... be at 30 degrees.
Fine
Joe: Ok.
As you can see, we shot this projectile at three different angles.
The maximum range of motion in horizontal direction is achieved at 45 degrees shot.
The two of 30 degrees and 60 degrees were fairly close to one another on the table
The reason it dint land directly on one another is because
this gun actually changes where its flying from as we change this angle.
So they will be a little bit off.
However you can tell that they are right next to each other
from the flags that are placed over there on the table.